<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>WBEM Data Source Type</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The WBEM data source type supports the following properties.</p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Namespace</dt>
          <dd>The WBEM namespace. This property is required and there is no default value. A common example is <codeph>root/cimv2</codeph>. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>CQL Query</dt>
          <dd>The CQL query to execute. This property is required and there is no default value. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Result Component Key</dt>
          <dd>(Optional) Use this property when the WBEM data source is part of a monitoring
            template that is bound to components. Set the value to the attribute or column name in
            the CQL result set that contains the component identifier.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Result Component Value</dt>
          <dd>(Optional) Use this property when the WBEM data source is part of a monitoring
            template that is bound to components. Set the value to the Result Component Key column
            of the CQL result set.  Typically, this value is a
            TALES expression, such as <codeph>&#36;&#123;here/id&#125;</codeph> or
            <codeph>&#36;&#123;here/wbemInstanceId&#125;</codeph>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Result Timestamp Key</dt>
          <dd>(Optional) Use this property in either device-bound or component-bound templates when the CQL result set includes a column
            noting the time at which the data was originally collected. Like the Result Component Key property, set the value to
            the attribute or column name in the CQL result set. The default value is NOW.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
